This project was bootstrapped with [Create React
App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br> Open
[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br> You will also see any lint errors in
the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br> See the section
about [running
tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more
information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br> It correctly bundles
React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br> Your app is
ready to be deployed!

See the section about
[deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for
more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can
`eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from
your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive
dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have
full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but
they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point
you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for
small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this
feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t
customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App
documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

To Ana Belgun

I would like to apply for the position of Early Career Software Engineer at the
CSIRO's Data61 Team (requisition number 59499). I have always wanted to work at
Data61, ever since I heard a member give a guest lecture at the ANU about how
they were developing a system to analyse new legislation and produce compliance
procedures for businesses. I found this to be a particularly impressive feat,
and was even more enamoured when I found out they use Haskell sometimes as well.

Ever since then I have checked the CSIRO jobs board, to see if there might be a
position that I, a passionate web developer and general open source enthusiast
might be suitable for. I am a firm believer in the power and practicality of
open source software. When I read the essential criteria for the above job
description, I knew that I simply had to apply. For convienience, I will list
them again, and briefly explain why I meet or exceed them.

1. **Expertise with JavaScript; ES2015+ or TypeScript.**

I have an expert level fluency in the the above languages, as I have been
writing programs and applications in JavaScript (JS) since 2010, and I started
using TypeScript about 4 years later. I recall reading the ES2015 specification
when it came out and being very excited about how much better features such as
arrow functions (no more `.bind()` or `var self = this`), classes, and block
scoped `const` and `let` declarations would be for the development of large
scale applications.

This was a fairly pivotal point period within the history of JS, as it was
during the time when the language was transitioning from being used as a
scripting language to add small amounts of dynamic behaviour on the client, to
something that entire application stacks were written in. At the same time, our
own technology stack was begining to mature, as our main web application portal
targeted Internet Explorer 6 (IE6). As our clients migrated away from IE6 and
towards evergreen browsers such as Firefox and Chrome, we encountered issues due
to deprecation of IE specific features. I was responsible for identifying and
fixing these bugs, and would often leverage the new JS language and browser
features to do so. As a result of this, clients would often end up with a much
more performant and accesible solution to the one that had existed beforehand.

1. Proficient working with NodeJS, CSS, HTML, web development.

Server with support for SOAP but not JSON. However we wanted to develop some new
web apps and wanted to be able to use JSON as our serialization format. Also, as
our server is a multi tennant machine, this required intelligent routing of
requests.

I was tasked with writing a server that would accept an incoming request in JSON
format, determine which company the request needed to be routed to, convert the
JSON request into a SOAP one, make that request, and the forward the response to
that request back to the client.

old server needed to provide support for json, as well as logging, routing, a
persistance layer, and a control panel.

2. Good software development practices (e.g. version control systems, testing,
   user requirements, delivery, working methodically, problem solving).

we had no version control system, files were locked whilst others were editing
them, and a timestamped comment with you name and why you made the change was
the most you usually had to go off.

I suggested the we start using a version control system and was subsequently
tasked with implementing said system across company.

1. Ability to be given a problem and take ownership of providing the solution.
2. Demonstrated ability for self-directed learning.
3. The ability to work effectively as part of a multi-disciplinary, regionally
   dispersed engineering team, and carry out tasks autonomously.

The teammembers of the workplace that I am currently employed at are dispersed
over every state of Australia, except for Tasmania, as are our clients.
